# SceneryStack Meeting Notes

## November 22, 2024

*Topic:* SceneryStack Documentation and Landing Page

- Dissociation from PhET in the right direction based on changes BF showed in tthe FAQs and Contributing.md.
- Added joshgay as a maintainer
- Will need to {phetsims come back}
- Should be detailing out further "selling points" for the accessibility features of SceneryStack out the gate.
  - PDOM layer, explained right, could be sold more fully and completely

- JG has seen onboarding material work well when splitting between feature and functionality. Make sure it's how we want to apply e.g., labels in issues, otherwise probably don't do it. Feature is more of a selling point of a project.
- JG found it helpful to have an alignment document at the library level internally, to get a sense of how we would describe what each piece does to build up the categorizaiton/labels we use externally
  - The scenerystack list is a good place to start - how could we label and organize them to develop a good bit of language - want internal and external to be aligned!
  - Feature or Function column, column with 1 or 2 labels, aligned iwth how we might organize issues (we would need to start this from scratch)
  - We tend to split things between Model, View, Tooling, Utilities... but it would be helpful to group according to how people might use these (Rendering, Accessibility, etc.)
